---
layout: post
title: Week Five
published: true
---
**What did you do this past week?**

Last week I attended Career Fair for the first time, had two interviews, and applied to everyone and their parent company, basically. My partner and I finished Netflix early (shoutout to Carlos for his caches). 

**What’s in your way?**

Stress and more specifically time management has still been a struggle. I may have overcommitted myself on job applications, as I'm already hearing from more companies than I expected to. I would love to get experience with a variety of different kinds of interviews, but I do want to make sure that classes are a priority.

**What will you do next week?**

I'm scheduling interviews, completing them, writing cover letters, actually putting in hours for my part time job, and trying to keep up with all my classes in there somewhere. I may start studying for this class's test near the end of this week.

**Class Impressions**

I was frustrated again with a surprise requirement for the project, this time on the day it was due. According to Piazza, Professor Downing saw it as obvious that caches should have been loaded in RunNetflix.py, but neither my partner nor I got that impression as a necessity, more of a design choice. Part of why we turned it in early was because neither of us had time on the day of, so we did not get to change our implementation to match the stated requirement. So we'll see how grading works there. 

**Tip of the Week**

Send a thank you note to everyone you interview with. At worst, they ignore it, at best, you've made yourself stand out and gotten yourself on their radar. I've even heard that for some recruiters, anyone who doesn't send a thank you note is not considered for the position. Now, I think that applies more to traditional companies than to the startup culture companies many of us are looking for, but it can't hurt your chances.
