---
layout: post
title: Week One
published: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Ask anyone who knows me- this semester I am bound and determined to be a functional adult (and student). This past week, that included setting up a meal plan/grocery list with my roommate, reorganizing the pantry, and more waitlist management than I hoped I would have to deal with. 

**What’s in your way?**

Despite using github throughout 439, I am not very familiar with the command line in general and anything past the very basic series of committing and pushing changes. Using it extensively as a version control tool will certainly be helpful moving forward, but it will be a learning experience. 
Somewhat similarly, I used Java from 11th grade to freshman year, but according to the first lecture of this class I didn't _truly_ know a lot of the reasons things are the way they are, such as the description Professor Downing gave about the import statement. I had no idea! Also, I'm sure I've forgotten much of the syntactical details of Java, so using it as a reference language for C++ may not go terribly well. I know the concepts, just not all the details. 

**What will you do next week?**

Once the waitlists close and my classes are set, I'm going to go through my weekly schedule and block off time for when I will work on homeworks and projects for specific classes, time for my part time job, and time for cleaning up the apartment. I'm also running the UTCS Maker's Club this year with the help of Dr. Norman, and this week will be all about working through the paperwork to order supplies for our first workshop, set for mid-September.

**Tip of the Week**


