---
layout: post
title: Week One
published: true
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Ask anyone who knows me- this semester I am bound and determined to be a functional adult (and student). This past week, that included setting up a meal plan/grocery list with my roommate, reorganizing the pantry, and more waitlist management than I really hoped I would have to deal with. I've been double-attending classes I hope to switch into, and definitely need to have a plan for late-adds once the waitlists close.

**What’s in your way?**

Despite using github throughout 439, I am not very familiar with the command line in general and anything past the very basic series of committing and pushing changes. Using it extensively as a version control tool will certainly be helpful moving forward, but it will be a learning experience. 
Somewhat similarly, I used Java from 11th grade to freshman year, but according to the first lecture of this class I didn't _truly_ know a lot of the reasons things are the way they are, such as the description Professor Downing gave about the import statement. I had no idea! Also, I'm sure I've forgotten much of the syntactical details of Java, so using it as a reference language for C++ may not go terribly well. I know the concepts, just not all the details. 

**What will you do next week?**

Once the waitlists close and my classes are set, I'm going to go through my weekly schedule and block off time for when I will work on homeworks and projects for specific classes, time for my part time job, and time for cleaning up the apartment. I'm also running the UTCS Maker's Club this year with the help of Dr. Norman, and this week will be all about working through the paperwork to order supplies for our first workshop, set for mid-September.

**Class Impressions**

Professor Downing gives the impression that it is okay to fail, it is okay to not know things, it is okay to be wrong. Whenever he calls on someone in class who doesn't know the answer or gives a wrong one, he asks leading questions until the student can explain the correct answer or glosses over the "mistake" and merely continues with the lecture. I haven't gone to office hours needing help (yet. I'm sure I will) but his actions in class definitely imply the same kind of help 1:1, which is very reassuring. This class sounds difficult, but doable with dedicated effort, and knowing that my professor has got this class down to a science and comes highly recommended means that so far, I'm not too nervous.

**Tip of the Week**

In my Information Studies class, we discussed organization in our lives. One person mentioned having issues storing all their photos due not only to organization but space concerns- he didn't know what a Google education account provides! Apparently it is not common knowledge that with a utexas email comes unlimited storage in Google Drive. It can also be added as a folder in Windows to the File Explorer, so it is easy to transfer files between the desktop and the cloud, without worrying about running out of disk space because you take way too many selfies. It's a service I've found quite useful over the past several months.
