---
layout: post
title: Week Four
published: true
---
**What did you do this past week?**

I implemented my strategy of aggressive scheduling- other than a surprise health concern that switched around my Tuesday, I mostly stuck to it. My Netflix partner and I have gotten a solid start on the project, and have a plan to finish it early this week. I also got my resume reviewed several times in preparation for career fair.

**What’s in your way?**

I definitely did burn out for a night last week, and didn't get as much done this weekend as I hoped, and I'm starting a big project for another class this week, so time management remains a cruical hurdle. 

**What will you do next week?**

Career fair is coming up, which I am both excited and nervous for, so that will definitely take most of my Tuesday and hopefully take some time later in the week for interviews. I also haven't gotten as much part time work done as I should, so I want to focus on that this week as well.

**Class Impressions**

I've found the quizzes very easy, which I think is the point. Every question has come directly from the assigned readings of discussions in class that are all accessable online, so even missing class shouldn't cause big problems on them. 
The readings are interesting as well, especially the XP ones. The concept of Agile Programming in general sounds much more productive than than the workflow I've experienced through my internship, so I'm enjoying getting a taste of it through these projects.

**Tip of the Week**

Applying to internships online is actually surprisingly easy. All it took for Twitter was a resume upload, a few options on where you would like to work and what you would like to do, some basic fill in the blanks, and I was done! For some reason, I'd been led to believe that the entire process is much more complicated than that. I'm glad it's not.
