---
published: false
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Thanks to student drops and helpful advising offices, I got this semester's class schedule sorted out. I ended up entirely in classes I wanted, which is very exciting. I started last week in OOP, but got switched into SWE an hour before the waitlists stopped moving on Monday, so a lot of last week was dedicated to catching up on what I'd missed and attempting to get Python installed on my machine. With advice in office hours from Professor Downing, I decided to forego Docker entirely and SSH into the lab machines to avoid wasting any more time. 

**What’s in your way?**

I've never used Python before, so though basic CodeAcademy tutorials don't make it seem too different from languages I have written in, I know there will be syntax I'm not familiar with and little mistakes that normally would not affect my coding ability that will take time to track down. Collatz seems like a simple enough program in itself, a good introduction to get all our settings set up, which I appreciate.

**What will you do next week?**

This coming week, I plan to properly begin the Collatz project coding and see if I can do it from my Chromebook, rather than having to go into the labs. I need to set up an issue tracker, make a specific coding plan, and probably go into the TA sessions to make sure I have everything working properly. I also have an assignment due in nearly every other class I'm in, as well as a part time job, so I plan to manage my time very carefully to avoid late nights and frustration. 

**Class Impressions**

I really appreciated Wednesday's lecture in which the professor walked us step by step through a game plan for this project, and it can be modified fairly easily for other ones. Because I am not very comfortable with Github, the instructions of "create this" then "clone here" and "copy that" were very helpful, and now that I know the correct order of operations I can replicate it for future projects. 
This class has been more of what I expected from my Programming Languages class last semester than I got there; we've discussed general concepts of argument passing, several methods of caching, and the concept of exceptions in different languages. I feel like knowing these concepts is overall more important than knowing the syntax of particular languages, so I'm enjoying it.

**Tip of the Week**

Always have a plan. For anything from grocery shopping to app development, having each step laid out will save you time, money, and energy as you move about your day, and you'll feel more confident in your decisions.



